## How would you rate your comfort level and abilities when working with a SQL database?

"I feel quite comfortable working with a SQL database, and even more so learning new things about how to work with a SQL database. Making queries directly within databases using PostgreSQL has not been where I have spent most of my time. I have a lot of experience manipulating and pulling out data from a database using the entity framework ORM. While at Turing this was how I usually interacted with a database. I had many opportunities to manually set up new databases with my school and personal projects. Likewise, this provided me with a lot of opportunities to not only CRUD data from the database but to also know how to set up models and objects so that they would properly be represented and connected in the database "

## How do you familiarize yourself with a codebase you haven’t worked in before?
"If I'm working with someone who is already familiar with the codebase my first step would be to ask them to briefly walk me through where things are and how things work to get a general introduction and some context with the codebase. If I were diving into a new codebase by myself, I would spend time seeing what type of application it was. If it had a database, what kind of packages it was using, if it's a web app, how are the controllers set up, how do the models interact and rely on one another? Those types of things. I am fortunate to actually have a fair bit of experience diving into new codebases. While at Turing we often had to fork and clone down entire projects for lessons without a lot of introduction to the codebase. This forced me to really take the time necessary to try and understand all of the parts before writing any actual code"